my name is James Salas and I'm flying
home but when the plane lands and
everyone is scurrying to find their
luggage and looking for signs for ground
transportation I'll be on my own flight
to oblivion
I don't blame my mom for anything that
happened my dad was a suicide seeker
like his mom was and I bet her mom or
dad was too 45 minutes
I wonder if the world around me knows
whether they can see it in my eyes
I remind myself that I'm pure ice
planners are that way if I have time and
I've had six months I can pretty much
fool anybody
desire to see this through was
propelling me forward but inside I feel
cold
I remember the last thing my doctor told
me before I left for this final
remember this gene no matter how dark
your time at home gets you're not alone
there might be a moment or even a day or
two that feels that way were you
thinking no one in the world can see or
hear me but it isn't true we're always
with you we believe in you
and you can reach out and check in with
us at any time
I'm checking in dark
but just when I was ready to die
Paul and I were the only ones to live
sees a crash
now we have to survive